I can go wherever I want
I can sign wherever I want
Can you handle it?
Thank God I'm here.
Why not?
Just be a bargain
You took up my three congratulatory gifts?
Why do you say these three gifts?
It's for your son.
My son is this year's Olympic champion
It's not for my son.
Is it a bargain for you?
Don't you see what you have?
In a dirt mountain valley like your Zhaojiacun
The place where you can't pee is also worthy of the champion.
You insult my dad
Why insult Zhaojiacun?
What's wrong with humiliating Zhao Jiacun?
Mei Feng, what are you doing?
You went out from Zhaojiacun
How can you go so far?
Dad, I'm not just going to hit this bargain
And I hit you, you loser
What can you do to me?
You abandoned us ten years ago
Now come back to humiliate us
Also humiliated Zhaojiacun
Are you still human?
So what if I humiliate you?
It's an honor to be humiliated by me
How dare you talk back
Be careful, I'll kill you